ooh discover how tall you'll be with
this simple test now have you ever
wondered how tall you're going to be
even if you aren't that tall right now
don't worry perhaps you just haven't
finished growing at many factors
influence your height your lifestyle
your genes and even what planet you're
growing up on you know with all the
gravity on Jupiter for instance you
won't grow very tall but let's assume
you're on earth like I've been for the
last six months after you answer all the
questions in our quiz you'll find out
how tall you'll be in the future before
you start doing this test click the red
subscription button this way you'll get
to the bright side of life where you'll
discover many other tests and cool
videos also remember to ring the
notification bell now you'll always be
the first to get wind of new daily
updates there are 10 questions in this
test after each question you'll get 10
seconds to pick the answer you think is
the most suitable after that you'll see
how many points your answer has brought
you make a note of your points at the
end of the video your total score will
tell you how tall you're going to be
number 1 in which part of the world do
you live a the north
B the South Sea the East D the West
[Music]
and your score is the following if you
opted for answer a you get 40 points
answer B brings you 20 points
those who picked answers C get 10 points
D will earn you 30 points and Jupiter
gets you squat number two how much have
you grown since last year a more than
four inches B about three inches
see one to two inches D less than one
inch
[Music]
and here's how your answer scores if you
chose a that's 40 points if your answer
is B you'll get 30 points answer C is
worth 20 points and D adds 10 points to
your total score number 3 how active are
you a no I'm not really active B not a
fan of sports but I have some light
activity every day C ho I'm quite active
D I'm a ball of energy and sport is my
life
[Music]
here's your score if you picked answer a
you get 10 points if your answer was B
it brings you 20 points answer C is
worth 30 points
if you chose D add 40 points to your
total score question number 4 what's
your favorite sport a hockey the
basketball see dancing de tennis let's
have a look at your score if your answer
was a you get 30 points if you chose
answer B write down 40 points C is worth
10 points and answer D brings you 20
points
question 5 how healthy is your diet a I
eat any food that I find on my play B
did somebody mention a hamburger
I love junk food see I eat a lot of
fruit and veggies everyday D hmm perhaps
I should eat more vegetables and fruit
[Music]
now let's see where this brings us if
your answer was a this gets you 40
points answer B makes your total score
10 points higher answer C is worth 30
points D is a 20
question 6 how long do you sleep a more
than 10 hours a night
what's better than sleep I'll be 8 to 9
hours pretty much see 6 to 7 hours I
wish it could be more a less than 6
hours a night I'm a walking zombie but
spring you if you chose answer a you get
40 points answer B is worth 30 points if
your answer was C it's 20 points
answer D brings you 10 points number 7
how tall is your mom answer a shorter
than 5 foot 3 inches B about 5'4 C from
5 5 2 5 7 date more than 5 foot 8 inches
[Music]
and your score is as follows
answer a gets you 10 points if you
picked answer be right down 20 points
answer see adds 30 points to your total
score D is worth 40 points number 8 how
tall is your dad a under 5 foot 7 inches
B from 5-8 to 510 C from 510 to 6 feet
and D taller than 6 1 let's look at your
score answer a is worth 10 points answer
B is 20 points if you believe answers C
is the best one for you that's 30 points
answer D is worth 40 points number 9
how do people estimate your height hey
everybody keeps telling me I'm not
nearly tall enough B I'm ok with my
height but I wouldn't mind being taller
C I'm pretty tall for my age D I'm
always the tallest in my class would you
like to know your score here we go
answer a is worth 10 points if you pick
B you get 20 points answer C is 30
points if your choice was answer D you
have 40 points more question 10 what is
your body type
Hey nothing special
average I guess B people say I'm too
thin for my age see I probably need to
do more sports day I think I'm
overweight for my age and here are the
scores if your answer was a you get 30
points answer B brings you 40 points if
you chose answer C write down 20 points
for answer D add 10 points to your total
score now we'll give you 15 seconds to
add up your points if you need more time
you can always pause the video and hit
[Music]
are you ready to find out the truth
about your final height here we go if
your total score is 100 to 160 points
your height won't exceed 5 foot 7 inches
if you're a guy and 5 foot 3 inches if
you're a girl let's admit it
you're going to be the shortest person
in most groups now at the same time
think about the numerous advantages of
your height for example you'll win every
game of hide-and-seek and your legs
won't suffer on long flights and bus
trips if your total score is 170 to 240
points if you're a guy your height will
be about 5 foot 8 if you're a girl you
probably won't grow taller than 5 foot 4
this means you won't exactly be tall but
at the same time nobody will be able to
call you a short person you're going to
stay in the middle of the scale and make
everybody around you feel comfortable
also you'll look good in whatever outfit
you put on mm-hmm if your total score is
250 to 320 points if you're a guy your
height will be approximately 6 feet for
girls
it'll be a bit shorter at about 5 feet 8
inches you're gonna be a tall person you
won't have any problems watching sports
matches or concerts in a crowd people
will always be asking you to help them
get something from high shelves thanks
to your long legs you may have problems
on public transport but hey isn't
standing out from the crowd worth all
the trouble now if your total score is
330 to 400 points if you're a guy your
height will exceed 6 feet for girls you
will be taller than 5 foot 9 you're
going to be super tall you'll probably
tower above other people start getting
used to being the tallest person
wherever you go always in the spotlight
lucky you now please remember there are
other factors that influence your high
so don't take this test too seriously
besides you got to remember attitude is
more important than altitude so are you
happy with the results you got what's
the perfect height for guys and girls in
your opinion tell us in the comments
below remember to hit the like button
and subscribe to our Channel
you'll see that things are always more
fun and maybe a bit higher on the bright
side of life
[Music]